Services for Students and Academics

Academic Proofreading and Editing Services
Whether you're a first-year college student or a seasoned PhD candidate, the academic proofreading and editing services at GoProofreading.com can assist you with all of your written assignments.

Proofreading Services for Students
As an undergraduate student, you are now expected to write at a higher level than any of your former teachers expected you to. Therefore, it is pivotal that you have sound academic papers to turn in to your professors. Otherwise your grades may suffer. Luckily, you have the professional academic proofreading services at GoProofreading.com to assist you.
Get Started Now!
Professional Editing For Students
If you think that there's little more to writing than just avoiding mechanical errors, you couldn't be any more wrong. It's also about being able to write in a logically-structured way that effectively showcases your ideas. With our academic editing services at GoProofreading.com, you can receive assistance in all of the following:
Essay Editing - Essay writing is largely dependent on how well-structured and reasonable your argument is. With our essay editing services, our professional editors will ensure that your essay will be put together in a way that spotlights your brilliant ideas.
Essay Correction - After you've been writing an essay for a while, it's all too easy not to see obvious grammatical and punctuation errors. Take a step back and let the professionals at GoProofreading.com look over your essay for any mistakes you may have missed along the way.
Thesis Editing - If you need an editor to go over your bachelor's or master's thesis to improve any problem areas, our thesis editing service can guarantee you a better structured and solid thesis.
Dissertation Editing - As a PhD student, you are required to submit and defend a major dissertation. Likely, you've spent months or even years putting it together. But now, let the academic proofreading and editing services for PhD candidates at GoProofreading.com carefully comb through your dissertation's material so that your masterpiece will be flawless.
No matter what academic level you're on, GoProofreading.com is here to provide you with the best in academic proofreading and editing services.
